---
title: IT Lesson 33
layout: post
author: brendan.frank
permalink: /it-lesson-33/
source-id: 1jVmqcXc-7U5bRou2JNJxEwDipclkp-Ty3o3vT93X7W8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 33</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Newly changed blog & FUZE project stage 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make my blog better for reviewing at the end of term.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did reach this goal and I am confident that I will be able to get a high grade for my blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Most of my lesson was adding finishing touches to my blog and making sure that my answers to questions were detailed and that the grammar was good. I also made sure that I had enough posts for the term so far and this will be my 6th and final one. I also helped other students in the class with their blogs especially one student who was struggling with tables.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think there wasn't really anything that limited my learning because I wasn't very chatty of distracted and just got on with what I was doing without stopping. However, I didn't do as much FUZE work this lesson as I, and everyone else, was trying to make my blog look pristine for the final 'hand in’.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will do more coding on FUZE instead of ‘messing about; with my blog for the whole lesson. Even though the FUZE coding is just to improve our understanding of coding in order to help us make our blogs better and more professional, in the words of my teacher.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


