---
title: IT Lesson 32
layout: post
author: brendan.frank
permalink: /it-lesson-32/
source-id: 1751q3_xgG42BC3PQ_fjhh7xZl9cSMPK8hBapuBS3F_4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 32</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Newly changed blog & FUZE project stage 1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make my blog better and to finish the FUZE project stage</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I reached my target because again we worked together and split jobs when we were coding and the we were able to finish the program in time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We created a program that would pick a number randomly between 1 and 100 and it would give you 10 guesses to figure out the number. It would also tell you if you were too low or too high and you could pick a guess according to that information. It was very interesting and we had lots of fun guessing numbers multiple times.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Lots of times I left my partner to do all of the work by himself because I was changing and buffing up my blog. This might have made him feel that i was being lazy but I will try better next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to do more FUZE coding and I will try to get as many exercises done in the lesson as possible. Then I will have learned more and might be able to spend an entire lesson or homework making my blog look as professional as possible right now. I have been kind of modeling it off of my teachers blog as it does look very professional.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


