---
title: IT Lesson 31
layout: post
author: brendan.frank
permalink: /it-lesson-31/
source-id: 1wOXxnJGzMCL4YSl_GwOsQPf2mc6jHARGznE7X0BJ_Qk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 31</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Newly changed blog & FUZE project stage 1-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make my blog better and to finish the FUZE project stage</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did because we worked together and were able to combine effort to reach it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and my partner learned how to program the FUZE box so that it would remember the inputs and would respond to what we answer in the questions we tell it to ask. We looked at the if/then command which is a condition where if the parameters are satisfied, then it will do 'this'. Otherwize it will do something else. We also programmed the machine to draw pictures and the picture it drew ended up meaning ‘I love frogs’.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not leaving a lot of the work to my partner and to contribute more than I already am. This is because I have been letting him do the coding because I already know a lot of it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I want to make my blog even better than it already is and I want to finish the next stage of the FUZE programming. I want to improve on what I said in the above box. Also I would like to try and get more done in the lesson. For example, finishing one stage of the programming and starting another.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


